adding termvector and mtermvector api docs (#10004)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/document-apis/mtermvectors.md

## Request body fields

The following table lists the fields that can be specified in the request body.

| Field | Data type | Description |
| `docs` | Array | An array of document specifications. |
| `ids` | Array of strings | A list of document IDs to retrieve. Use only when all documents share the same index specified in the request path or query. |
| `fields` | Array of strings | A list of field names for which to return term vectors. |
| `offsets` | Boolean | If `true`, the response includes character offsets for each term. *(Default: `true`)* |
| `payloads` | Boolean | If `true`, the response includes payloads for each term. *(Default: `true`)* |
| `positions` | Boolean | If `true`, the response includes token positions. *(Default: `true`)* |
| `field_statistics` | Boolean | If `true`, the response includes statistics such as document count, sum of document frequencies, and sum of total term frequencies. *(Default: `true`)* |
| `term_statistics` | Boolean | If `true`, the response includes term frequency and document frequency. *(Default: `false`)* |
| `routing` | String | Custom routing value to identify the shard. Required if custom routing was used during indexing. |

> | `version` | Integer | Specific version of the document to retrieve. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `version` | Integer | The specific version of the document to retrieve. |
```

| `version_type` | String | The type of versioning to use. Valid values: `internal`, `external`, `external_gte`. |

> | `filter` | Object | Allows filtering of tokens returned in the response (e.g., by frequency, position). See [Filtering terms]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/mtermvectors/#filtering-terms) for available options. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `filter` | Object | Filters tokens returned in the response (for example, by frequency or position). For supported fields, see [Filtering terms]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/mtermvectors/#filtering-terms). |
```

| `per_field_analyzer` | Object | Specifies a custom analyzer to use per field. Format: `{ "field_name": "analyzer_name" }`. |

## Filtering terms

> The filter object in the request body allows you to filter which tokens are included in the term vector response. See following table for list of possible options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `filter` object in the request body allows you to filter the tokens to include in the term vector response. The `filter` object supports the following fields.
```

| Field | Data type | Description |

> | `max_num_terms` | Integer | Maximum number of terms to return. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `max_num_terms` | Integer | The maximum number of terms to return. |
```

> | `min_term_freq` | Integer | Minimum term frequency in the document for a term to be included. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `min_term_freq` | Integer | The minimum term frequency in the document for a term to be included. |
```

> | `max_term_freq` | Integer | Maximum term frequency in the document for a term to be included. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `max_term_freq` | Integer | The maximum term frequency in the document for a term to be included. |
```

> | `min_doc_freq` | Integer | Minimum document frequency across the index for a term to be included. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `min_doc_freq` | Integer | The minimum document frequency across the index for a term to be included. |
```

> | `max_doc_freq` | Integer | Maximum document frequency across the index for a term to be included. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `max_doc_freq` | Integer | The maximum document frequency across the index for a term to be included. |
```

> | `min_word_length` | Integer | Minimum length of the term to be included. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `min_word_length` | Integer | The minimum length of the term to be included. |
```

> | `max_word_length` | Integer | Maximum length of the term to be included. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `max_word_length` | Integer | The maximum length of the term to be included. |
```

## Example

Create an index with term vectors enabled:

```json
PUT /my-index
{
  "mappings": {
    "properties": {
      "text": {
        "type": "text",
        "term_vector": "with_positions_offsets_payloads"
      }
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

Index the first document:

```json
POST /my-index/_doc/1
{
  "text": "OpenSearch is a search engine."
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

Index the second document:

```json
POST /my-index/_doc/2
{
  "text": "OpenSearch provides powerful features."
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

### Example request

Get term vectors for multiple documents:

```json
POST /_mtermvectors
{
  "docs": [
    {
      "_index": "my-index",
      "_id": "1",
      "fields": ["text"]
    },
    {
      "_index": "my-index",
      "_id": "2",
      "fields": ["text"]
    }
  ]
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> Similarly you can use the following syntax to get term vectors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can specify both `ids` and `fields` as query parameters:
```

```json
GET /my-index/_mtermvectors?ids=1,2&fields=text
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> or 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also provide document IDs in the `ids` array instead of specifying `docs`:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```json
````
